(upbeat music)
- [Bell] This is it!
It's finally time for
Is It Wrong To Try To Pick Up
Girls In A Dungeon, Season Four,
right Goddess?
- [Hestia] Yeah, Woo-Hoo!
And it's happening thanks
to you viewers in front
of the TV, as well as our
fans from all over the world.
- [Bell] That's right.
Thank you so much, everybody.
- [Hestia] Well, there's
one thing that custom
dictates we do before setting
off on our new adventures.
Do you remember what that is?
- [Bell] Well, yeah,
of course I do.
We have to review
our journey so far,
for all the people out there
who may not have seen it.
And there's a lot,
right Goddess?
- [Hestia] Yep, exactly, Bell.
They need to know about
how we fell deeply
in love with each other!
And hear all about our long,
long tale that would make anyone
cry sweet and sorrowful tears.
- [Bell] Hold on, Goddess,
what are you talking about?
I don't remember anything
like that happening.
- [Hestia] What? Are you sure?
Okay, fine. Then let's take
a stroll down memory lane,
and show everyone what
kind of journey
we've been on, shall we?
- [Bell] Just leave it to me!
I came prepared for today,
by reviewing all the
records of our adventure.
- [Hestia] I'm thrilled
that you've grown
to be so dependable.
Brings a tear to my eye.
Oh, yeah!
And we'll give you a preview
of the new story that's coming
once we reach the end of
this recap. So stay tuned!
Alright, without further ado,
let's play back our story.
- [Bell] Okay, here we go.
We live in the
Labyrinth city Orario.
In addition to
housing the dungeon,
the city is home to countless
gods and adventurers.
It's the most famous
city in the world.
- [Hestia] We gods
and goddesses can give
our children living
in the lower world a
special type of power.
It's called a blessing.
- [Bell] That's what it's
called when you etch a status
onto someone's back.
Once they have that,
they can become an adventurer
and fight monsters.
- [Hestia] Yep. And then the
God who gave the blessing,
and the adventurer who received
it, form a Familia just
like me and my love, Bell, here.
- [Bell] And what adventurers
strive to explore, is the
giant maze located
beneath the city,
where monsters are born.
That's known as the
dungeon. It's in the title.
- [Hestia] Sure, it's
incredibly dangerous down there,
but it's practically
crawling with opportunities
for people to make money
and get famous.
- [Bell] That's why people
from all around the world,
who wanna become adventurers,
flock to the city.
- [Hestia] And you were one
of them too, weren't you Bell?
- [Bell] I've always
admired heroes like the
ones you read about
in story books.
Also, my dear grandpa said
something that stuck with me.
- [Grandpa] Bell, a
promising young adventurer
like you needs to
find love in a dungeon.
- [Bell] At first,
I wasn't sure something
like that could
really happen, but...
(roaring)
(blade slice)
(gasping)
(dying groan)
- You there?
Are you all right?
- [Bell] A girl
saved me back then.
Her name is Miss Ais
Wallenstein.
She's a level five who's
part of the largest Familia
in the city, the Loki Familia.
She's also nicknamed
the Sword Princess.
She's strong, and cool,
and I'm going to catch
up to her one day.
- [Eina] What in the world makes
you think you're
ready for seven?!
How insane could
you possibly be?
- I wanted to go exploring
further down in the dungeon,
but I got yelled at by my
guild advisor, Miss Eina.
She said I had to form
a party, otherwise I was
stuck on the surface.
But then that's when I
happened to meet Lili.
- A very good day to you, sir.
Sorry to bother you,
but would you happen to be in
the market for a supporter?
- [Bell] Liliruca Ard, a
member of the Soma Familia,
and a level one. Lili
had been pushed around
and taken advantage
of by adventurers
for so long that she
came to despise them.
In order to guarantee
her freedom,
She needed all the money
she could scrounge up.
She was desperate.
- [Hestia] Aw, poor
Lili. She's had it rough.
Luckily, you went and
saved her from that
lifestyle, Bell.
- I want to know why!
Why did you come back
and save me when
you know good and well
you should have left
me to die, Master Bell!
- Actually, it's because
it was you, Lili.
That's why I wanted to do it.
- [Bell] It's wild.
Even now, I can't imagine
not having Lili in our party.
She's so important to me.
(groaning)
After reforming my party
with Lili, we headed back
into the dungeon, where I
suddenly encountered a monster.
The Minotaur. It was terrifying.
I never expected a creature
that powerful to show
up on the ninth floor.
- [Hestia] Even
looking back on it now,
it's totally insane.
You were only a level one.
If you think about it,
there's no way you should
have been able to win
against that thing.
- Are you all right?
(gasping)
You did very well,
but I'll save you now.
- [Hestia] And yet you
still managed to pull it off.
- I won't do it.
I will not let Ais
Wallenstein rescue me anymore!
Never again!
- [Hestia] Amongst
adventurers, there are many
different levels, but changes
in their status have no effect
on those levels.
And the only way for them
to bring their level up
is through adventures.
- [Bell] Exactly.
(yelling)
- Bell, no!
- He'll be fine.
(fighting)
(screaming)
- Fire bolt!
(explosion)
- [Hestia] That adventure
definitely made
you a lot stronger. You
make me so proud, Bell.
- [Bell] Thank you,
Goddess. That means a lot.
- [Hestia] And that's how you
managed to
rank up so quickly. You
became a level two adventurer.
The little rookie Bell Cranel.
The higher your level, the
further down into the dungeon
you can venture.
But, to do that,
you've got to have a few more
friends you can count on.
- [Bell] Right around
the time I was thinking
about expanding our
party, I met Welf Crozzo.
- [Welf] Shop till you drop,
kid. Armor by Welf Crozzo.
(chuckles)
- [Hestia] A blacksmith
of the Hephaistos Familia,
and a level one. You
had admired his work for
quite a while, hadn't you?
- [Bell] Yes, totally.
So I was really happy
that he agreed to make some
special arrangements for me,
and not only that, he
ended up joining our party.
- [Hestia] Good thing
you met him, huh?
- [Bell] With Welf joining us,
that brought our party
to three people.
We decided to forge on ahead,
into the middle floors.
- [Hestia] The
monsters were sure to be
different and a lot
stronger than anything you'd
encountered on the upper floors.
It must have been super scary.
- [Bell] It didn't matter
how much we tried to prepare,
or how many people we
had in our party,
none of it made a difference
and the dungeon didn't care.
- [Hestia] After you
finally reached the safe zone
on the 18th floor,
known as Under Resort,
a black Goliath floor
boss came crashing down.
- [Bell] Many adventurers
tried to take it on,
but not a single one of them
could lay a scratch on it.
- [Bell's Grandpa] Let your
feelings burn like fire,
cry out with all your desire!
- [Hestia] The skill
that manifested itself in
you is called Argonaut.
Even though it's a
measly little skill,
it really holds its own.
Especially when used
against an overwhelmingly
powerful enemy.
In other words, a hero shot!
(screaming)
Bell and the other
adventurers fought side
by side, and eventually took
down the enormous floor boss.
Bell, I must say you were
particularly amazing.
- [All] Cheers!
- [Bell] One day we were
celebrating Welf's rank up
to level two at the tavern.
We started getting
harassed by adventurers
from the Apollon Familia,
and we sort of wound
up in a big bar fight.
Not proud of it.
- [Man] Is he from
the Apollon Familia?
- Little Rookie, don't tell
me that's all you've got.
- [Hestia] Nobody can blame
you guys for getting into
a fight, because who
could have known this
was Apollon's carefully
planned trap to get
his hands on my precious
little Bell?!
That jerky-jerk face!
He must pay!
- May I please have this
dance with you? Please?
- I'd love to.
- [Bell] After being invited
to a banquet of the Gods,
hosted by Master
Apollon, we were met
with a challenge of a war
game between our Familias,
where the loser must surrender
everything to the winner.
Our Goddess rejected the
idea right then and there.
However...
(explosion)
A-are you all right, Goddess?
- Yeah. That smarmy
bastard! He's totally trying
to force our hand.
Stop it, you jerks! How
dare you destroy our sweet
little love nest!
- Huh?
- [Hestia] They gave
us such a hard time
that I was ready to blow
my top! So, we made our way
to the home of
the Apollon Familia.
In preparation for the fight,
Bell underwent some
special training.
Meanwhile, I went to help
little miss supporter get
out of trouble after she
returned to the Soma Familia.
- [Bell] Ultimately Lili, Welf,
and Mikoto all transferred
to join our Familia.
Then, with Miss Ryu
acting as our support,
we went into a siege battle
as the attacking side.
- Ha!
- Conquest of the Gods!
Futsu no Mitama!
- Thanks for all
your hard work, Lili.
- Please, you go on ahead.
I'm going to stir up
a little more trouble.
- Now I don't care what
Master Apollon wants anymore.
Die you bastard!
- Landing the final
blow is a step away
from one's own demise.
- My best chance
to catch him, the moment
he thinks he's bested me.
(fighting)
- Ahh!
- [Hestia] Thanks to
our genius strategy
and helpful allies, we
managed to claim victory.
And with that, Bell
reach level three.
To top it off, we
scored a new home,
and a significant amount
of monetary compensation.
And starting today, this
is our Familia's emblem.
(giggle)
- [Welf] No freaking way, here?!
- [Bell] One night we noticed
Mikoto acting strange,
and decided to follow
her and Chigusa.
We soon found ourselves
in the pleasure corner.
- You are new around here,
aren't ya?
Ooh, you seem a little
wound up. (giggles)
You can call me Aisha.
And you are?
- [Bell] Things went
sideways and I got
found by a level three
of the Ishtar familia,
named Aisha, who chased
me all over the place!
I eventually ran into
a lady named Haruhime,
the childhood friend
who Mikoto and Chigusa
were searching for.
- What...
- Uh!
- What a lovely... collarbone!
- Ah, um... hello?
- [Hestia] Bell and the others
went down into the dungeon
to get enough money
to save Haruhime
from the brothel,
but they quickly
got attacked by
the Ishtar Familia.
I know firsthand just
how adorable Bell is,
but I never thought that Ishtar
would set her sights on him.
- If you're angry,
you'll have to take it up
with an erratic Goddess!
(fighting)
- [Bell] Aisha's group
came after us with
overwhelming power, and
they ended up capturing
both me and Mikoto.
Afterwards, I found
myself getting assaulted
by Phryne, until Haruhime
arrived to save
me in the nick of time.
But that's when I
learned she was fated to
become a sacrifice as
part of a ritual.
She's a part of your Familia!
She's your family! How
are you okay with that?
- Such a passionate speech.
Are you going to take
her from me?
I suppose it's war, then.
We'll take out your
Familia, too.
(gasp)
- [Hestia] They were looking
to defeat the Freya Familia.
Ishtar planned to use Haruhime
as the sacrifice to
create a powerful item.
Bell wanted to save
Haruhime, but he knew
that taking action would
drag his friends into a war.
And so as captain
of the Familia,
he struggled to make a decision.
- Miss Mikoto, I'm sorry.
I'm going to save Miss Haruhime.
- Oh, thank you very much.
It's truly a privilege
to share a
Familia with you. (crying)
- [Bell] Miss Mikoto and I went
together to try and rescue.
Miss Haruhime.
- (gasp) What are you doing?
- Expectations, a ninja's
greatest skill,
the surprise attack.
- Don't just stand
there, somebody
get her off of me!
- Defend me, oh purifying light!
(explosion)
- No! Mikoto!
- Hell Kaios!
(shattering)
(fighting)
- Fire Bolt!
(explosion)
- Thanks, in part to
Freya's intervention,
Ishtar got sent back to heaven,
and her Familia was dissolved,
and Haruhime, after being
freed from her fate,
officially joined our Familia.
- I'm here. I've
come to save you.
- You are my hero.
- Lady Haruhime.
We really did it. I can
hardly believe it.
- [Bell] While adventuring
through the 19th floor
one day I got separated
from my party.
Then I came across
a monster girl.
Her name was Wiene.
Wiene was all alone,
and huddled in fear
after being chased by
both monsters and
adventurers alike.
I quickly found myself
unable to leave her behind
and ended up taking
her back with me.
(gasping)
- The hell is that, Bell?
- Uh, B-Bell? Your name is Bell?
- Tell me you heard that. It
just spoke.
- I was honestly shocked!
I had never heard
of a monster that could
talk until we met her.
Generally, monsters are
considered an absolute
evil that is waged war
against humanity forever.
Even for a goddess like myself,
it's impossible to offer
them salvation.
But Weine seemed so afraid.
I decided we
would look after her while
we gathered information.
- So, I take it off! Mmm!
- No, please! You mustn't!
(chewing)
(giggling)
- Bell is very warm.
- Heh.
- But Wiene caused
a scene in the
middle of town and not
long after that,
somehow word got out
about us keeping her.
That didn't make the guild
very happy and they ordered us
on a mission to take
the dragon girl down
to the 20th floor
of the dungeon.
(yelling)
- (laughing) Upsy-daisy.
That was great!
I've never met adventurers
like you guys before.
- [Hestia] That's where you
met other monsters like Wiene,
who were intelligent
and capable of speech.
They were known as the Xenos and
Mr. Rido was their leader.
- [Bell] That's right. The
welcome party they threw
for us at their hidden
village was so
human-like that it really
surprised me.
They started living like
that after meeting with
Mr. Fels over 15 years ago.
They dreamed of one day
reaching an understanding
with humans, so they
could go up to
the surface and live
a normal life.
- So you see? That's why
we were so stoked
to meet you folks today.
And it's not 'cause we
expect you to help us
or anything like that.
Just knowing that there
are surface dwellers
who are willing to
accept us for who we are.
Hmm. I'm so glad we met
you and your friends.
(chuckles)
- [Hestia] Sadly,
we're still a long way
from reaching the
point where monsters
can coexist with humans.
That's why Bell's party
left Wiene in the care
of the Xenos, and
made their way back
home, until...
- [Eina] Armed monsters
have destroyed the heroes
located on the 18th floor.
- Mr. Rido, and Wiene.
The Ganesha Familia
was given a mission
by the Guild to
subdue the threat,
and I accompanied them
into the dungeon.
That's where I
learned from Mr. Rido
that some humans had killed
their friends,
and they were fighting
to take back Wiene,
and other Xenos who
had been captured.
- No! (sobbing) No! No!
- Aw. Just settle down,
little lady.
You're gonna get your
turn soon enough.
(evil laughter)
- [Hestia] A level five
named Dix Perdix, the captain
of the Ikelos Familia,
and his allies
were behind it all.
They had been
capturing the Xenos.
They were using
an ancient dungeon
created by Knossos,
an ancestor of Dix Perdix, as a
secret route to ferry the Xenos
up to the surface to sell them.
- That's when I figured it out.
Humiliating and
tormenting these beasts,
striving them to the
brink of despair,
treating them like
the garbage they are.
It's the one thing that
satisfies me.
The one thing that can
assuage this wretched blood.
- So the Xenos,
and Wiene, that's
why you did all this?
Mr. Rido and the other
Xenos were bewitched
by a powerful
curse that made them go berserk.
Even Wiene was transformed
into a giant monster,
after having the crystal in
her forehead forcibly torn out.
So I had to fight
to save them all.
Being a human or a
monster has nothing
to do with saving someone.
If they ask for my help, then
that's good enough for me.
- You are just a hypocrite.
(yelling)
- [Hestia] We managed to
fend off the baddies, but Wiene
was unleashed upon the surface
while still under the curse.
Bell chased after her, but
was put in a tough situation
after things took a
turn for the worse.
- [Hermes] The moment of
truth. If he screws this up,
Bell Cranel becomes
public enemy number one.
- This Vouivre right
here is mine,
so keep your hands off.
- [Hestia] Eventually
things came to a kind
of vague conclusion, when
a black Minotaur appeared
out of nowhere. The town placed
the blame largely on Bell.
Not to mention a number
of the Xenos were still
stuck above ground with many
adventurers hunting them.
- [Bell] It was a bad situation.
So we enacted a plan
to save the Xenos,
by helping them avoid the notice
of other adventurers and escape.
I served as a distraction,
while everyone else found an
unguarded entrance to Knossos
for the Xenos to sneak through.
- [Hestia] However,
something happened beyond
even divine will. The
dreaded black Minotaur
showed up once again.
- [Bell] Asterios. That's
the name he gave before we
engaged in an all out battle.
I want...
I want to be a hero!
(screaming)
(sword shatters)
(fighting)
Gah!
Ah!
- This makes us even.
(gasping)
Bell, our next match
shall be the last.
- [Hestia] You ended up losing
that fight, but the Xenos
managed to return to
the dungeon safely,
and your handsome
reputation was restored.
- I need you.
To help me.
I want to get stronger.
- [Hestia] Woo! Looking
back, we've had nothing but
absolutely crazy
adventures, huh?
I feel like my heart was
pounding nonstop,
and now we're about to start
an entirely new adventure.
- [Bell] Right! I'm
excited to find out what
kind of fun is in store
for us this time.
- [Hestia] After being given
another mission by the Guild,
Bell's party goes on an
expedition to the lower levels
of the Dungeon, where
they find the Great Falls.
But even with Bell at level
four, and a party formed
with the skilled members
of other Familia, it turns
out those floors are
a lot harder
to deal with than expected.
After they run into an
enhanced species of monster
for the first time,
numerous allies
and adventurers are defeated
by its overwhelming assault.
Everyone in Bell's party
takes desperate action to try
and save them and
overcome the intense trial
that the dungeon
throws their way.
Oof! Your next adventure
sounds like another rough one.
- [Bell] (chuckles) No matter
what dangers lie ahead,
we're all going to get
stronger and return safely.
Not only for our own sake
but also for the sake
of Wiene and the Xenos.
- [Hestia] (giggles)
That's the spirit!
Things will be okay if
everybody works together,
and I'm sure the fans
watching from all
over the world will be
there to cheer you on.
Go out there and rise
to the challenge, Bell.
- [Bell] Okay, Goddess,
let's do this!